NorthwindMedia


 Current staff and contract contractors select here to submit and search by the Job Posting Title.



 The audio revolution is here – and Northwind is leading it! NorthwindMedia, the number one broadcast organization in The-country, reaches 88% of Residents every month - a per-month reach that’s twice the size of any other broadcast organization – nearly three fold the size of the biggest VIDEO channel – and nearly 4 fold the size of the largest ad-supported music streaming service. And we were just recognized as one of the Top Media Commercial Organizations by The Myers Report!



 In fact, Northwind has: More #1 ranked regions versus the following two biggest radio companies combined;



 We’re the largest podcast publisher, with more per-month listens versus the second- and third-largest audio-show networks combined. Podcasting, the fastest-growing new media, today has more monthly users than streaming music services or Netflix;


 Northwind is the home of many of the country’s most popular and trusted on-air personalities and podcast influencers, who build important connections with hundreds of communities across America;


 We create and produce some of the most popular and well-known branded live music events in America, including the NorthwindRadio Music Festival, the NorthwindRadio Music Awards, the NorthwindCountry Festival, NorthwindRadio Fiesta Latina and the NorthwindRadio Jingle Ball Tour;


 NorthwindRadio is the #1 streaming radio digital service in America;


 Our social media coverage is 7 times larger versus the following biggest broadcast service; and


 We have the only complete audio ad technology stack in the industry for all forms of audio, from on demand to broadcast radio, digital streaming radio and podcasting, which bring data, targeting and attribution to all forms of audio at an unparalleled scale. As a result, we’re able to combine our strong leadership position in audience reach, usage and ad tech with powerful tools and insights for our sales organizations to help them build success for their clients at a more efficient cost than any other option.




 Because we reach almost every community in America, we’re committed to providing a range of programming that reflects the diversity of the many communities we serve – and our company reflects that same kind of diversity. Our company values stress collaboration, curiosity, welcoming dissent, accepting mistakes in the pursuit of new ideas, and respect for everyone.



 Only one organization in The-country has the #1 standing in all-things broadcast: NorthwindMedia!



 If you’re excited about this role but don’t feel your experience aligns perfectly with the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. At NorthwindMedia we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace and are looking for teammates passionate about what we do!



 What We Need:

 The Director of Digital Sales leads our efforts to build and sell high‑impact, integrated campaigns across Streaming Audio, Podcasts, Social Influencers, CTV, and more. In this role, you’ll drive digital revenue strategy for the East Region, partnering closely with our sales teams to bring innovative, multi‑platform solutions to life for our clients.


 What You'll Do:



 Translates market and digital business strategies into specific actions to generate sales and revenue.


 Develop strategic digital sales solutions that integrate with Northwind’s additional non-digital media assets.


 Act as a strategic resource (ideation, brainstorming) for Sales Managers, AEs, and clients across the East Region.


 Constant liaison between sales, clients, and vendors.


 Expert on digital product features and benefits including Ad Tagging, Rich Media, Data Sharing for attribution and effectiveness, Audience Targeting, Viewability Studies, Systems.


 Join client-facing meetings with AEs and Sales Managers.


 Regular team training and growth clear to Online growth in general and Northwind’s digital platform.


 Work with our Customer Success Managers, Project Managers, Operational Support and 3rd Party ad tech partners to ensure that we are properly planning, selling, executing, optimizing and recapping all Digital Sales campaigns.




 What You'll Need:



 Strong understanding of digital, broadcasting, marketing, promotion, and collection standards.


 Can create productive, long-term customer relationships.


 Adept as entrepreneurial self-starter.


 Excellent ability to organize, prioritize, and multi-task.


 Excellent decision-making skills.


 Excellent communication and influencing skills .


 3+ years’ experience in digital sales in the media industry with proven track record of success.


 Broadcast/traditional media sales and/or sales leadership experience a plus.


 4-year college degree preferred.


 IAB Certification preferred.




 What You'll Bring:


 Respect for others and a strong belief that others should do this in return
 Full proficiency and understanding of job function
 Ability to work independently with minimal guidance
 In-depth knowledge of key business drivers and how this impacts your team
 Experience in team and project management for mid-sized projects
 Ability to recognize and mitigate risk
 Confidence to solve complex problems using multiple sources of information
 Growth mindset and desire for continued knowledge sharing and learning
 Understanding of impact of your own decisions
 Ability to identify new opportunities for continued improvement across business
 Comfort acting as a trusted advisor for colleagues with less experience
 Ability to manage complex and confidential information and to influence others to build consensus across all levels



 Compensation:



 Salary to be determined by multiple factors including but not limited to relevant experience, knowledge, skills, other job-related qualifications, and alignment with market data.



 $65,280 - $81,600



 Location:

 Nashville, TN; 1200 Broadway, 6th Floor, 37203


 Position Type:

Regular


 Time Type:

 Full time


 Pay Type:

 Salaried


 Benefits:

 NorthwindMedia’s benefits offering is flexible and offers a variety of choices to meet the diverse needs of our changing workforce, including the following:



 Employer sponsored medical, dental and vision with a variety of coverage options


 Company provided and supplemental life insurance


 Paid vacation and sick time


 Paid company holidays


 A Spirit day to encourage and allow our employees to more easily volunteer in their community


 A 401K plan


 Employee Assistance Program (EAP) at no cost – services include telephonic counseling sessions, consultation on legal and financial matters, emotional well-being, family and caregiving


 A range of additional voluntary programs, such as spending accounts, student loan refinancing, accident insurance and more!




 We are accepting applications for this role on an ongoing basis.



 The Company is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status.



 Non-Compete will be required for certain positions and as allowed by law.



 Our organization participates in E-Verify. Click here to learn about E-Verify.
